{
        "1": "Fact or Myth: it's cheaper to leave the heating on low all day rather than turning it on when needed. MYTH!",
        "2": "Any subscriptions you're not using? Cancel unused subscriptions/memberships or find cheaper alternatives to cut down on unnecessary expenses.",
        "3": "Could you use public transportation or carpool to reduce transportation costs?",
        "4": "Shop with a grocery list and avoid impulse buying to save on groceries. Bonus tip, try not to shop when hungry as it makes those impulse purchaes harder to resist.",
        "5": "Turn off lights and unplug electronics when not in use to lower energy bills. Devices on standby/chargers plugged in still draw small amounts of power even when not in use.",
        "6": "Grab a coffee on your way to work? Consider investing in a thermal flask and make coffee at home and bring it with you.",
        "7": "Buying lunch at work? Unless you’ve got a cracking subsidised employee canteen, those sarnies add up. Save a slice and cook extra the night before and bring a portion in for lunch.",
        "8": "Put your tastebuds to the test. Can you tell the difference between big brands and supermarket's own? Try a few substututions and see. Then spill the beans, how far can you switch and save?.",
        "9": "Contract due for renewal? Don't auto-renew, shop around! Use comparison websites as well as getting direct quotes to snag the best deal. If you're happy with your current provider, try haggling with them.",
        "10": "Got clothes you no longer wear because they need a simple repair? Set aside some time and stitch those holes and sew those buttons back on. Not so handy with a needle and thread? Check out YouTube for hundreds of free beginner tutorials. Result: less need to buy new clothes. Better for the planet and better for your wallet.",
        "11": "Got stuff you don't use anymore. Sell items you no longer need or use to make extra money.",
        "12": "Turn down the thermostat and use energy-efficient appliances to reduce heating costs. Where possible, try using appliances off-peak when energy is cheaper.",
        "13": "Film buff or always got your nose in a book? Borrow books, films and games from the library instead of buying them.",
        "14": "Have a gym membership? How often are you going, what is your cost per visit? Are there any offers on or cheaper no frills options available?.",
        "15": "Hop in the car to pop to the shops down the road? Try walking! Save some £££’s on petrol and get some exercise in. Who needs a gym subscription?",
        "16": "One for the planet and your wallet: cut back on bottled water and use a reusable bottle instead.",
        "17": "Impulse purchases beware! Ask yourself, will I use it? Is it worth it? Have I checked if it's cheaper anywhere else? Try waiting a day before buying non-essential items.",
        "18": "Challenge yourself to a no-spend weekend. Think that sounds too boring? There's plenty of things you can do for free like ParkRuns, Geocaching, learn a language or maybe even tackle a CodeFirstGirls course!",
        "19": "If finances allow, are there any items you use frequently that you could buy in bulk to get better deals.",
        "20": "Got green fingers? Grow your own herbs and vegetables to save on groceries.",
        "21": "Christmas is coming! If you celebrate Christmas consider persuading friends or family to do a secret santa instead of mass gift giving. The recipient gets something they really like and everyone saves £££!",
        "22": "Are you putting some money aside each month into savings? If no, can you start? If you already do, check your money is working hard for you and earning top interest.",
        "23": "Sale season approaching? Unsubscribe from marketing emails to avoid impulse online shopping and enjoy a clutter-free inbox. Double win.",
        "24": "Gasping for a cuppa? Kettles are thirsty when it comes to electricty. Save on costs by only boiling as much water as you need.",
        "25": "Need some new threads? Have a look on second hand sites like Vinted, eBay or FaceBook Marketplace. Rock those R's - Reduce, reuse and recycle (or upcycle)! Consider checking out a local charity shop for hidden gems and bonus points for your hard earned pennies going to a good cause. Polish that halo!",
        "26": "Community spirit: take advantage of free community resources like workshops and classes. Check out your local FaceBook page or library for what's on",
        "27": "Want to save time AND money? Batch cook and freeze leftovers for future meals.",
        "28": "Word Up: could you save money by switching from paid computer office applications to free open source ones like LibreOffice.",
        "29": "Need a new coat or a swimsuit? It may be counter-intuitive but shop for clothing and other items off season for scorching deals but don't forget to do price comparisons wherever possible.",
        "30": "May it pay: got a side hustle going on? Do you blog, code or something else? Create a social media account for your craft and share it online. Certain platforms pay content creators for views and your audience may even want to purchase your skills.",
        "31": "Light-bulb moment: switch to energy-efficient light bulbs to reduce electricity consumption."
}
